Fauci, when he was sitting there, that SOB knew for a fact that that virus came from the Wuhan lab.
He knew that because he had funded the gain-of-function research
in that lab, and he had already begun to design a cover-up.
And we know that from the emails he sent to a group of researchers, academics, trying to get their support to push that come-from-nature theory.
And that's the biggest lie of omission in American history.
Because if he had simply owned up to the fact that that thing
came from the lab, we could have pressured the Chinese to give us the genome sequence, which would have allowed us to design an effective vaccine rather than the crap we wound up getting.
And again, Trump got lied to about that, not just by Fauci, but by Pfizer, the drug company.
In what way?
They didn't disclose the side effects of that.
And they weren't clear with him.
They made him think that it was a true vaccine when it's not.
It's literally turning into a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
Testing 1, 2, test!
Test 1, 2!
Testing!
Testing 1, 2!
Test!
Yes, the Sarah Away Game full video is a very good video, in case you missed it.
Apparently it's not going to be released because I went wild, or I didn't go wild, or I responded, or I didn't respond.
The bottom line is it fits into the same pattern that Gabe Mason, and Nick Hudson, and Mike Palmer, and Germ Warfare, and CHD, and Bobby's podcast, and Doc Malek's paywalled podcast, and there's just an endless list of times that I have
I have interviewed and had people lose it or not publish it or not publish it until after they published Sasha Latapova's, you know,
Version of it.
It's it's really gross if you see it for what it is Ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna try a new thing here.
We have this email that is managed by my my staff And it is giga ohm HQ at proton dot me and I'm gonna suggest that in order to get a notification of exactly when I plan to stream on any given day I
you send a blank email simply with the subject notify me and we will make a list of emails that I will try to email every morning and let you know what I'm planning and where I see I'm going online.
I usually know about an hour ahead of time because by the time I get my slides all ready to go and decide to pull the trigger I'm somewhere between the hour and I like to go on
at these times, generally speaking.
You know, like 12-12 or 11-11.
Today I chose a random time simply because I've been stalling for too long.
I need to pull the trigger so I can get offline and back on the basketball court today.
The voice that you're listening to is Jonathan Cooley.
I come to you live out of the back of my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It's the 17th of February, 2025.
If you're listening today, you're probably hearing a live broadcast.
You can look up my previous work as an academic biologist.
Now, I would call that an Akata magician.
My career as an Akata magician has a record on the National Library of Medicine, the PubMed database.
You can use my last name, C-O-U-E-Y, my first initials J and J, which stand for Jonathan J, in case you want to deep Google me.
I'll be back in a few seconds.
John Locke wrote that day laborers and tradesmen
Spinsters and dairy maids must be told what to believe.
The greatest part cannot know and therefore they must believe.
scientific questions I think are very hard to get a handle on.
And the reason for this is that in late modernity, which we're living in, there's simply too much knowledge for any individual human to understand all of it.
And so, you know, and so the, the and so in this world of extreme hyper specialization where it's narrower and narrower,
subsets of experts policing themselves and talking about how great they are.
The string theorists talking about how great string theory is.
The cancer researchers talking about how they're just about to cure cancer.
The quantum computer researchers are just about to build a quantum computer that will be a massive breakthrough.
And then if you were to say that all these fields, not much is happening, people just don't have the authority for this.
This is somehow a very different
feel for science or knowledge than you would have had in 1800 or even in 1900.
In 1800, Goethe could still understand just about everything.
1900, Hilbert could still understand just about all of mathematics.
Those buttons are like breaking.
The sort of specialization I think has made it a much harder
The government fears Alex Jones, who has the largest audience in the country, bigger than any of the networks, the biggest megaphone in the country.
The deep state hates Alex Jones with a vengeance.
Alex Jones is the most extraordinary person I've ever met.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
That there is a very real difference between the people
The people who are raised in a world where they trust people, they trust others.
And because they trust others, they have a built-in vulnerability, a built-in deficiency compared to the people who are raised in a world where they don't trust others.
Because when you're raised in a world where you don't trust, you can always learn to trust.
But when you're raised in a world where you trust first, it's very difficult to train that person to know when to not trust someone else.
if you analyze the politics of science, the specializations should make you suspicious because if it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on, then it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate.
And then one should be a little bit suspicious.
And that's sort of my starting.
Sorry, one second.
I got to open up YouTube.
I don't think I actually decided to go live there.
So if I don't do that, I don't think it will actually go live, but maybe it will go live now.
Shabba, I think it should be live now.
Let's see.
Here we go.
I'm gonna see if this works I'm live everywhere else connecting to the stream and let's see if it shows it excellent connection I think we're gonna go live on YouTube as well.
We should be live in a few seconds.
I'm gonna get the stream going again Thank you very much.
Sorry for that mix up there.
I always forget I got a starting bias open that window
Anyway, it says excellent connection.
It should start momentarily on YouTube as well.
I'm just going to keep working here.
Thank you very much for joining me.
And Steven, your immunology professor said very good because the question was very good.
And of course, as I've been trying to say for four years now, there is no pandemic.
There was no pandemic and there will be no pandemic.
And it's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic, it can't.
And there's... I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is JJ Cooey, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
Let me introduce Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest kind of distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent
a panel that we have, each one of you is gonna get a chance to comment.
How's that for a contrast?
Welcome to the show, everybody.
Thanks for joining me.
I am gonna play us in with a song, so you're gonna have to wait for a little while yet.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
goals to what it's not really going live on YouTube so I'm gonna close that don't try to go to YouTube I'll just forget it this time I have to open it before I start the stream which is a little annoying but you know whatever I don't I don't really care I put up
I put up the stream with Sarah Westall there, so I think it's actually really good right now.
I'm just going to leave it like that.
Let me see if I'm again working this thing right here.
Thanks very much for joining me.
I'm going to play in, like I said, because I think it's sometimes fun to start with music.
It gets me warmed up.
I think we're working on a slow change It may pull us apart When I'm not getting into your heart, baby Don't you forget about me
Look my way, you'll never love me Rain keeps falling, rain keeps falling Down, down, down Will you recognize me?
Call my name or walk on by
Hello!
Don't you forget about me.
I'll be alone down to New York, baby.
Going to take you apart.
I'll put us back together at heart, baby.
Don't you forget about me.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't you forget about me.
I love you.
Welcome back!
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
I don't know why I really like this little Harold Faltemeyer jam.
United noncompliance means something very different to very, very many people here.
To a lot of people in the health freedom movement, it just means freedom of speech, freedom of choice, but united noncompliance means really not participating in their mythologies and their illusions and their rituals.
The truth is out there, ladies and gentlemen.
I think we're finally getting close to it now as we realize that it's our own parents that bequeathed us this
band of charlatans and, you know, we're going to have to hold our doctors to account because it was them who participated in sustaining the illusion and the people that learn the biology are the ones who can show them.
Unfortunately, you know, there's very few out there, but GigaOM Biological, Housatonic IGS, Housatonic Live,
the liberty perspective and maybe deprogramming with Grace's dad.
If we're going to take the power back from these charlatans that we've inherited from our parents, this is the last chance we're going to have to do it.
It's our generation and our kids that are going to have to learn the truth.
and not pass it on to their kids.
Our grandkids are the goal.
We have to save our grandkids.
That's the hope that I have.
The goal is to teach my children how to teach this stuff, how to speak this language and not speak
the slave speak that we are being given.
It's gonna be hard for people to avoid GigaOM this year.
A lot of people tried to pretend that they had avoided me for five years, but the truth is going to come out now, ladies and gentlemen, I assure you.
The truth is definitely going to come out right now.
I'm really excited about it.
Hey, what is that?
Why did that start?
That's weird.
Isn't that funny?
Why is that there?
Holy cow!
It's like a whole wrong song in the wrong spot where the this should be there and they even had the same number.
Wow, that's weird.
Okay, here we go.
Anyway, it's going to be hard for people to avoid us.
No matter what way you choose, you're going to have to eventually admit that intramuscular injection is dumb.
You're going to have to admit that transfection is what they called it before the pandemic, and they could have called it at the beginning of the pandemic, and that would have been a hell of a lot closer to informed consent than whatever these people are arguing for now.
And of course, the big biologists out there are going to have to realize
that RNA cannot pandemic.
They're going to have to think about it.
They're going to have to imbibe that thought because all of those three then would help them realize that the U.S.
vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise.
And I want to be very clear about that because I don't think anyone else is saying it.
Not anyone else alive anyway.
Maybe Mark is saying it.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
That biologist is Jonathan Cooey, and I'm very, very pleased to be here again with another show.
I am going to have to take about 15 minutes of your time.
To summarize where we are because I think every day that we do this show we're gonna need to have a lead in just in case There's a new person on the internet listening for the first time I do regret this not being on YouTube, but that's okay.
We'll put the rest of these on YouTube
And again, I recently added the Sarah Westfall interview in its entirety, right from the start where she's denying that she's in a deep state.
I don't know why she's saying that.
When I hit the record button all the way until the very end.
So anyway, that's where we are.
We have a group of coordinated liars and they do lots of weird things like, you know, they might interview me and then also not put up the interview for like three weeks because they have to edit it.
In the meantime, I guess they have table meetings about the content of the interview and whether or not the interviewee asked the right questions or not.
And then they try to absorb some of these messages.
I've seen Nick Hudson do it.
I've seen Sasha Latipova do it.
I've seen all of them do it.
And it's interesting because I found another sort of person who's not alive and with us anymore, who was also in this movement, who seems to have experienced a very similar phenomenon.
And so today I wanted to discuss that and, you know, kind of start with the sort of idea that Giggle and Biological has a message that is really
It is not for everyone.
It is a message of hope, but it is not a message of hope for everyone.
However, I do think that it is a message that is accessible to anyone.
I don't think that the ideas and the concepts that we're trying to discuss and the foundational ideas that edify them are out of the reach of anyone that wants to understand them.
But not everybody will want to understand them.
Not everybody is ready to hear it.
And so to steal my friend Greg's little slogan or sales pitch there, GigaOM is a message of hope that is not for everyone, but it is for anyone.
And I'm very happy to be bringing you this message of hope, which starts basically
I don't know why the video game is so loud.
I apologize.
The kids must have been playing it earlier.
This message of hope starts with the idea that this is for all the marbles.
And the reason why I use that phrase is because I want you to understand that
They're really playing a multi-generational game here.
They're playing for the governance of the globe, the governance of humanity, the future of humanity.
And in their imagination, they're even playing for the power to govern the evolutionary direction of the human race.
And so when I say this is all about the grandchildren of Earth, I really do mean that.
And I think I'm getting closer to kind of knowing what it is that I want to do as far as the book or one of the books that I think needs to be written.
I just really feel as though if you start trying to put your head around this, especially if you're here for the first time, around the idea of how would multi-generational wealth behave?
in the event that they were playing for all the marbles.
Of course, it's simple to see that they would be willing to lie and cheat from a business perspective, from a banking perspective.
But what about a narrative perspective?
What about a scientific perspective?
What about what the average Joe knows perspective?
Because I think that's where you start to get a grasp of what it means when Alex Karp says that he went to Germany and did a useless philosophy degree trying to understand how people know things or how people participate in democracy.
because essentially they're all talking about the same thing.
They're all talking about what Edward Bernays talks about and what Noam Chomsky talks about in those quotes that I use at the beginning of the stream.
Congratulations, Mr. Secretary.
So here's where we are, right?
This is reality.
This is only a couple days ago.
My former boss, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., the author of this book, The Wuhan Cover-Up and the Terrifying Bioweapons Arms Race, is now the head of
Health and Human Services, so let's just listen for a second.
I want to begin by thanking President Trump for giving me this extraordinary opportunity, and I want to introduce my family and thank them for being here.
My wife Cheryl, my cousin Anthony Shriver, my daughter Kik, my other daughter Kira, Carolina, Carolina Shriver.
Joey Shriver, Jackson Hines, and Amaryllis Kennedy.
And I want to thank all of you for your support throughout this whole two and a half year journey.
My first time in this whole office was in 1962.
As far as I can tell, it's two mono channels in different years, so it's weird.
But anyway.
I came here and I had a meeting with my uncle, who was president then, where we talked about the environment.
He was involved deeply, as we all know, in restoring physical fitness in this country.
He challenged, at one point during his administration, he challenged Americans to do a 50-mile walk, which I ultimately did, but I remember the day that my father
There's a hundred K walk in the Netherlands they do every year that's also like a war memorial walk I
towpaths with his feet bleeding and blisters on them.
My father, one of his best friends was Al Owenstein.
And Al Owenstein ultimately was a congressman from New York who was assassinated himself in 1980.
But Al Owenstein had started the Dump Johnson movement to get rid of President Johnson and end the Vietnam War.
And at the time that he started it, people just thought it was a fool's errand.
And ultimately, he asked my father to run.
against Johnson, my father wouldn't do it at that time, and he asked Gene McCarthy, McCarthy did it, and he joined that campaign.
And my father ultimately ran, and Johnson then dropped out.
So Al Owenstein had succeeded.
And although Al Owenstein was on the other side now, running against my father with Gene McCarthy, my father wrote a note, a quote from Emerson, where he said, if a single man
plant himself firmly on his own ideal, and thereby, a whole wide world will come around to him.
For 20 years, I've gotten up every morning on my knees and prayed that God would put me in a position where I can end the childhood chronic disease epidemic in this country.
On August 23rd of last year,
God sent me President Trump, all right.
And he gave me.
He's now given me, he's kept every promise that he's made to me.
He's kept his word in every account and gone way beyond it.
I'm so grateful to you, Mr. President.
A lot of people told me that I couldn't trust President Trump.
I better get it in writing.
And we did a handshake, and everything that he told me he was going to do, he has done.
And I'm so grateful to him.
And I've told you before, I genuinely believe that you are a pivotal historical figure.
And you are going to transform this country at a time when we see all of the indicia of democracy now.
Nice, Mark.
That's perfect.
Wow.
Mark in the chat says, did he specifically ask for Trump or does God have a sense of humor?
Boy, that's for sure.
Totalitarianism, these attacks on our constitution and this breathtaking epidemic that is disabling our people.
President Trump has promised to restore the American dream in this country.
A healthy person has a thousand dreams.
A sick person only has one.
60% of our population has only one dream, that they get better.
President Trump has promised that he's going to restore America's strength.
But we can't be a strong nation if we have a weak citizenry.
If people are sick, 60% of our people are sick.
77%, as President Trump mentioned, our children cannot qualify for military service.
And we need a man on a white horse now.
We need somebody who is willing to come in and has the spine and the guts and the strength to challenge orthodoxies, to stand in the way of vested interests, and to break institutions that have turned against our democracy.
President Trump has shown again and again that he is that hero.
And most recently, I greatly appreciate it, and I called you the day that you announced the termination of USAID.
My uncle started USAID in 1961 for humanitarian purposes, to put our country on the side of the poor.
It has been captured by the military-industrial complex.
It has become a sinister propagator of totalitarianism and war.
across the globe.
And very few people understand how sinister this agency really is.
And President Trump saw that, and he stood up to it with a master stroke.
And we want to do the same thing with the institutions that are stealing the health of our children.
We need a revolutionary figure, and you are that figure.
And I'm very grateful for you for giving me this opportunity.
It's an amazing place.
We are in an amazing place right now.
It's a long, strange trip that brought us here.
You know, it's taken me a long time to awaken to the idea that I'm never going to be on their team.
I'm just made to feel like it, like they make everybody feel like they're on the team, but you're not really on the team.
You don't have any say in the message.
You're not going to make anybody change their mind or learn something that you know.
And I spent many, many years trying to be a part of this team in some way.
to try and bring them to understand what I thought I had to offer as a message.
And it is really extraordinary what the truth seems to be to me right now.
I do think it's quite simple.
I do think that a very hot background of DNA and RNA that surrounds us and bathes us
was used disingenuously to represent the spread of a novel pathogen to tell us a story about something that RNA cannot do.
And the way they did it is with nonspecific PCR tests that may or may not still be in use.
The most important thing to understand is that the tests that were used in 2020 and 2021 are not on the market anymore.
And those are the tests that defined the pandemic because that's when the murder occurred.
And so placebos made the rollout of transfections safe.
There were never any investigational vaccines.
There were only transfections in the form of an adenovirus carrier.
or a lipid nanoparticle carrier.
And that's why a lot of the people that are involved in this have the requisite track record to know exactly what that term means, how it applied to both instances of the methodology, and how easily you could have sort of allowed people to engage informed consent by just telling them what this was, how it's been used in previous ways, including on the academic bench and all of our
In all of our universities around the West, I mean America and Europe and in Japan and these places where they have the first world level of laboratory.
They've been doing it for years.
And so using their tests, the PCR and the lateral flow, many of which were produced in China to find their ghosts, those being the RNA viruses circulating the pandemic or circulating the globe and pandemicking around the world, do not make their ghosts real, nor does it make you a ghostbuster.
And yet for many years, I, like everyone else on earth, thought that that was the case.
And the reason why it was so easy to believe it is because they put a bunch of people on social media with the necessary script to make it seem like there was already a consensus about things.
That there was already a consensus among experts that the PCR represented something.
even if it was a not very clear signal, it represented something.
A consensus among experts that asymptomatic spread is a real thing.
A consensus among experts that endemicity is a thing we would want to avoid.
And so they got people on social media, they put people in academia to make sure that we believed this.
And what this was, was a novel virus that explained away murder.
allowed murder to occur or manslaughter to occur.
And PCR not being a not useful diagnostic tool is just one aspect of this.
Another aspect of it in America was that pure oxygen causes acute respiratory distress syndrome.
And so the willy nilly administration of pure oxygen at say 60 liters a minute as advised by Kyle Seidel of at the time a hospital in New York,
you would induce the exact same symptoms that would be associated with this virus.
And yet only in a hospital did this occur.
And it explains so much of the lack of spread and the occurrence of death in the hospital that Denny Rancourt was so keen to observe in May 2020.
So not using antibiotics to treat pneumonia or not using antibiotics to treat a urinary tract infection because it's a viral syndrome is murder.
And doctors who believed that nonsense, it's murder.
And they need to feel the guilt of that so that they understand how bad it is, that they were part of it.
Witting or unwitting, they went along with it.
They didn't stand up when they should have stood up.
A light bulb didn't go on when it could have gone on.
And maybe you don't have your parents anymore.
Maybe you don't have your aunt anymore.
Maybe you lost a kid and you don't know why.
This is why.
And so in the end, one of the things that I think is most important for everybody to see is that a remnant stream of testing samples has been created or was created and existed for at least three years during the pandemic 2020, 21, 22, where many now defunct and gone companies
did track and trace and testing and used, you know, proprietary tests and proprietary diagnostics to do it, made millions or even billions of dollars doing it.
Much of that money came out of warp speed, just spraying like a fire hose.
And those are all gone.
None of the people that are in front of us right now ever usefully questioned that waste of money and how
important it was to edify the idea of the presence of a novel virus, again, which none of these people will deny exists.
And so again, I am making statements that I think are important for my grandkids to know.
There was a team that was put in place that I am now calling, or have been for quite some time, calling Team Worst Case Scenario.
Some people are part of the team and know it and were there from the beginning.
Other people were absorbed as they spoke out and then were limitedly briefed into what the team does.
They got book deals.
They got lucrative sub stacks.
They got world travel and they got fame from it I mean a lot of these people There's just no other way to explain why Harvey Reich is in so many of these groups and so many of these photos there's no reason to explain why someone with the track record of Jessica Rose suddenly rose to such prominence with regard to you know, the the sort of the I don't know if you want to call it control of or monitoring of people like
Peter McCullough and Pierre Corey did the same thing with Paul Merrick.
And so the web is pretty complicated, but you still just have to see that these multigenerational
Weaponized piles of money are thinking on Multi-generational time horizons and that means that when they manipulate the habits and opinions of the masses They're manipulating the habits of the opinions of the masses for them not to see and think on those whoops on those time horizons Let me just briefly do this here to make sure that this is all queued up correctly because sometimes I like to have the small one Sorry about that
And so it is really crucial to see this and what they might do and the fact that we've been told many times in different ways how to understand it and what specifically that Noam Chomsky said that social media enables so malevolently is this very lively debate within a limited spectrum.
Because the lively debate on places like Facebook and Twitter and Telegram and Signal can be curated by an illusion of consensus that could be created by one person.
Imagine that I invite you to join my Signal chat about Bitcoin.
And you don't understand that I have 10 phones on my desk.
And each one of those phones has an instance of Signal with a different account on it, with a different Gmail address.
And so I have this Signal chat with 10 of my friends who are doctors and lawyers and all these smart people who will all engage with you individually on Signal as well as in my Bitcoin chat.
And so think about how easily I could manipulate you if I just went over and picked up the phone of Richard and then texted you privately and said, hey, I see that you're in Jonathan's Bitcoin chat.
I really like your work.
Maybe you could come on my stream and talk about it a little bit.
And now I've created this illusion where you're in this group with like 10 other people who aren't real people and one of those real people wants to interview you.
But then, you know, maybe he doesn't or hasn't had time or disappears or gets out of the group or has a fight with another person in the group and wastes a lot of your time.
And it's just me and my 10 phones.
who's been hired to mess with you as long as possible and to get as much information as I can out of you as possible and give all the text messages from all those 10 phones are always tapped into another place where these people sit around and listen to it.
I assure you the scams that are being run right now are much more complicated than that.
and involve many more real people with staff that does that for their accounts.
Because that's how this works.
It is a military operation.
Those pictures with all these people behind phones or behind computers doing it is not an illusion.
That's real.
Because we are talking about all the marbles.
We are talking about creating a mythology that our children will grow up believing.
And the way that they created it was engaging in this mystery of the Wuhan cover-up.
And it doesn't really matter how you rearrange the players.
They created an illusion of consensus by sticking to a limited spectrum of debate, and all of these people played their part.
They're all little, tiny, compartmentalized groups of people that agree on specific aspects of it, but no matter which way you cut the cake,
There's no explanation for why any of these people haven't come to the realization that intramuscular injection in general is dumb as medicine.
They haven't come to the conclusion that this was always transfection before the pandemic.
We've used it a lot on the academic bench.
We know exactly how limited it is.
It's absurd to call it an investigational vaccine.
And it is very hard for me to believe how there are so few academic biologists who haven't stopped to think about the words, RNA cannot pandemic and had an epiphany.
Because so many of those academic biologists have stood in front of a chalkboard during an oral exam and been challenged to describe as many parts of this, the pathway from DNA to a functional protein as you can possibly identify to, you know, just show us what you know.
And so all of these people in that exercise, if they were told that, Oh, but if you make a special version of this, it can go from a mud puddle to endemicity, and it'll be there forever.
It would be a very apparent immediately why that how absurd that is.
And then adults that are ready adults that are willing to jump this far and willing to jump out of the airplane will come to the conclusion that the
only explanation for why the former Research and Development Director of the Human Genome Project, Acolyte and Apprentice of Mark Lander and Francis Collins, is actively working against me and my family for the last five years on the internet, calling my ideas chemtrail retarded, or calling me Barricks B-I-T-C-H.
bringing more gain of function to our homes, he says.
and lying about a book that I got paid to help write and the evidence is in the book, in the acknowledgements page.
The people who know the work that I did and the work that Rixie didn't do are also on the acknowledgements page.
These are real live people that any journalist could contact and verify that my story is true.
That this guy went on a very big podcast and lied repeatedly about the role of a shoe salesman in the writing of this book.
It's so bizarre that those same people just, you know, there's must be lots of people who are opposed to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
being Health and Human Services Secretary and are opposed to any touching of the vaccine schedule and are opposed to, but then they realize that, wait, I can't use Jonathan Cooley because Jonathan Cooley says it even worse than all of these people.
The only person who says it better than me or earlier than me, I think, is really Brandy Vaughn with an A-N.
And so yeah, I don't know what to say.
I think that social media has allowed this to happen.
And if we don't get our kids off of social media, don't pull our own heads out of social media and start to build a federated, independent, similar thing ourselves, we are in deep trouble.
And again, this is not a message for everyone, but the truth is out there.
And these myths about novel viruses and novel cures for novel viruses are myths that are perpetrated by traitors to hide the murder that was used or employed to create this illusion.
So we knew that all-cause mortality was going to go up because we had big families for a little while after World War II.
those big families had big families.
And so there's two bumps that are going to come from this prosperity after World War II, and it will come in the form of a lot of people dying, a lot of people retiring, and a burden on the health care systems of the Western nations that have this funny-shaped
population pyramid.
And so, in order to hide the necessity to manage that problem, these people have participated in a theater.
In a theater that was also designed to increase the relevance of, increase the political power of, and the political capital of the people that own social media platforms.
And that's what we're sort of seeing here.
There is a vying of power between the people that run social media platforms and the traditional media.
Of course there is.
These people have decades of investment in those things.
And so the usurping of that power to a certain extent, to an internet form, to a podcasting form, to a Steve Bannon network form, there's going to be some resistance there, especially if red or blue team has more or one or the other.
And that's what you see.
And that absolute ridiculous theater covers up some of the essential biological truths that edify the idea of a pandemic or dismiss it, depending on what side you're on, and also that none of these people will touch.
So the limitations of the Human Genome Project, intramuscular injection in general,
PCR is a fraud.
Sequencing and metagenomic sequencing in the background is something that can be done in virology.
Endemicity is a phenomenon.
Supplemental oxygen and what it does and how long we've known that.
Why they would use placebos and why no one of these pharma people has ever said that.
And then defining transfection has now taken this bifurcation of either you still claim that you didn't know the word or you say that that's just an old word and big deal.
And both of these things are obviously malevolent, disingenuous lies that are again perpetrated by these traitors who are selling out our grandkids to the slavers.
Speaking this slave speak that also talking about how bad the COVID shots are, but not talking about the murder, essentially is sort of distorting time for our children so that they forget that there were adults who could have said no
who could have said no to the masks in band.
You know, these masks that the kids had to wear in band.
Adults could have said no to this for almost two years.
We could have said no to the closing of schools.
We could have said no to the mandatory testing at universities and just told our kids to stay home for a year and work at Chick-fil-A and shoot buckets.
So one of the things that happens when they distort this calendar for us is that we forget how long all of us adults had the responsibility and abdicated it to the TV, abdicated it to the scrolling answers on our phone.
Instead of taking responsibility for understanding what's really going on and taking responsibility for protecting our children from these people, we submit it.
And now these people who are in front of us and leading this false charge to health freedom want us to forget.
Because they were part of the reason why we were lost here.
Why so few of us found the principles.
And those of us who had the principles were stood in front of by these people and their artificial elevation on social media.
So it is really myths perpetrated by traitors that hide these lies, murder with lies.
That's what it is.
That's it.
It's it in a nutshell.
And they've known this for a while.
How long has the population growth of America been going down?
And how inaccurate is that population pyramid that I just showed you?
How narrow is the bottom of the pyramid actually?
Because when you look at these population pyramids in Europe, you don't see this great big fat population pyramid that I just showed you.
You see these really narrow ones, which are terrifying.
Now, again, it's only in the last few weeks that I've really come around to saying that, you know, I don't, I'm pretty pessimistic now.
I think that all of these organizations are essentially sabotaged, if not from the very beginning, like Heart and Panda from their very establishment, but others of them were sabotaged very quickly as needed.
I think you can see who these people are by looking at their timelines.
And so I have and I will continue to work diligently to build as meticulous of a timeline of every one of these people and to archive every video and every text message and every signal chat message that I've gotten from them in that time.
Timeline so that you can see exactly how malevolent they are Nothing is more rewarding than making a new timeline for a new one of these meddlers because it is it's just extraordinary what you find And that's I think more and more becoming very obvious the way forward is to just hold these people to account to try and make the record of their work as detailed as possible because I personally and I think Bart Kulak
Joe Marshall, Scott Shara, we don't really have to worry about people, you know, checking our work or what were you doing in 2020?
You didn't know because we, when we made mistakes, we've admitted it and we've admitted that in 2020 we were lost as everyone.
What's more important is that we've admitted that we think we were taken by certain people and have named those names.
And I think that makes us an especially small group of people that's willing to say that.
Whereas most of these other people that have been following this script or like Kevin McCarron basically riding the bench waiting for
the chance to get in the game are really, they've run out.
They've run out of time.
They've run out of narrative.
I think a lot of these people are running out of staying power because they don't have the endurance.
They don't have the endurance because they've never had the belief that what they're doing is right.
But I assure you that nobody is in this narrative by chance.
And many people were put in place in different ways.
Maybe were even intended to play different roles.
But as the pandemic went further and further off script, and they missed their mark.
And their mark was, of course, to get the vast majority of Americans to take at least a couple shots.
They had to, you know, do what they've done here, which is really make fools of themselves.
So we've also been looking at Brandy Vaughn, who Mark Kulak of Housatonic Live has diligently started to build a page for, and in so doing figured out that so many of these people that have tried to memorialize her, including CHD, managed to spell her name wrong.
And I don't know, maybe that's why I was spelling her name wrong.
in the last couple streams, but I fixed it here.
She formed the group LearnTheRisk.org in 2015 after about four years of researching vaccines and after being a whistleblower at a pharmaceutical company.
And that's very interesting because she does not have a damaged kid.
She was not woken up because her kid became damaged.
That makes her different.
It makes her like me, actually.
And so I think it's something very curious that you're going to see play in here.
In that same year in October is when Mary Holland entered the scene as a college professor, a law professor at Columbia University, who was speaking out because her son was injured by a component of the MMR vaccine, a very specific cord
that harmonizes very well with the amazing Polly Tommy story in the UK and Wakefield's story, Andrew Wakefield's story in the UK, which is also kids injured by a component of the MMR vaccine.
And she was opposite on Democracy Now in 2015, opposite Paul Offit and Rand Paul.
And again, as I've said, I don't think anyone is in this narrative by chance.
And so this again is not random that these guys were also in front of us and remain in front of us now about these same matters.
Interestingly, Brandy was involved in the Vaxxed movie.
And Vax was released on April 1st, 2016, the same week or whatever that ICANN was formed with Del Bigtree, of course.
And we watched a talk with Brandy in September of 2016, where she's talking about big pharma and big harms.
She's talking about the ending the vaccine schedules.
She's talking about injection versus ingestion.
And she's not mentioning Vax to the movie, which is...
I found it at least curious.
Now at the time I didn't have that picture up there so you know I just thought wow that's cool but now it's even more intriguing that she didn't say anything because apparently she was involved with the release of the movie.
It's notable in case you did not know the World Mercury Project of
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
became CHD in 2018.
CHD was not formed as a new nonprofit, but as a nonprofit that changed its name from the World Mercury Project to Children's Health Defense in 2018.
And in the fall of 2018,
Learntherisk.org and its affiliates in different states had started to put billboards up around.
And in 2019, she actually got on the news about it.
The billboard said, healthy babies don't just die.
And then memorialized a baby who died after vaccines, usually a SIDS death or something like that.
And Brandy Vaughn was dead in December of 2020.
Now, I thought it would be interesting, and I think that's going to be the subject here, to try and think about why is it that while I worked at CHD and worked for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for almost two years, no one ever said Brandy Vaughn's name.
No one ever said Tony Bark's name.
I find that interesting because after my own independent work getting to the language of intramuscular injection is dumb.
Watching Brandy's videos and finding out that she was already there with ingestion versus injection.
It just gets deeper and deeper and deeper, right?
Because our language is sharp and could be adopted by anybody that wanted to.
And you could even adopt it with the caveat of saying that I think Jonathan Cooley is one of the worst people on the internet.
But what he says on that green screen is really perfect.
It's the exact message that we need to pass on to our kids.
And none of these people, none of these people will ever do that because it is specifically their job to curate a limited spectrum of debate where these truths are never realized.
because the vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise and the basis for their inversion of our sovereignty to experimental animal status, which is actually doesn't matter for us.
It matters for our kids and more importantly, our kids' kids, the grandkids.
And so anybody that wants to speak out and wants to be heard, I think should submit a calendar because otherwise I'm going to make one for you.
And generally speaking, these calendars are not exonerating.
They make people look really bad.
Um, they really do.
I mean, Steve Bannon's calendar is absurd.
It's, it's, it's impossible for a former employee of Goldman Sachs to explain the calendar that is his calendar from about 2000, let's say 17 or 18 until the end of the pandemic.
It is absurd that this guy has a rung of the hamster wheel has now come up repeatedly in the last couple of weeks, but also very predictable.
In fact, none other than Mark Kulak is responsible for identifying the seemingly very incredible and seminal role that this guy and his network of meddlers plays in American politics and maybe soon world politics.
And so the bottom line is that these four guys are currently involved in something.
that has to do with the work of Bret Weinstein's dad, because Bret Weinstein's dad was the first IP lawyer to be in the Department of Justice, appointed by John F. Kennedy in the Department of Justice of Robert F. Kennedy, of course, the father of the current Health and Human Services Secretary of America.
I think one of the key players besides Robert Malone is Kevin McKernan and Kevin McKernan's five-year history of interacting with me, if you want to call it that, is also very damning as a patriot or let's say anti-patriot.
And Bret Weinstein as well.
And again, remember, I'm just trying to remind you, I got connected to Bret Weinstein by Piper Longsberry Stover.
So if you wanted to do research or any journalist wanted to do research, they could have done that research in 2021.
Because that's when I first tied my name to her by publishing a review that I should have published in January.
of 2021 or December of 2020 and instead didn't publish it until May.
And in retrospect, I think the whole time that I was writing and tweaking that review, Bret Weinstein had access to it, as probably all of these people did.
Because I do think more or less they're one network.
And what's important now in terms of thinking about how to understand this network is how many of these people would need to know everything versus how many people would just need to be willing to go along with what they're told to go along with.
Because the rest are just kind of stuck.
And for a long time, I was kind of stuck in between these people thinking that if I just got the right message through or the right combination of people to understand that I would make progress in climbing this ladder of ideas and get my ideas up to the top and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would finally say the words correctly.
That's not how this network works.
They make you feel like that.
It's very much an illusion.
And they agree to agree on things, including like, you know, let's just ignore people like Jonathan Cooley and Mark Kulak.
So what did Jessica Rose do to stop this murder?
What did Claire Craig, the collector of genomes before the pandemic and the 100,000 Genomes Project, what did she do to stop the murder in the UK?
What did she do to stop the murder in America?
Not much.
Oh, Robert Malone.
What did Robert Malone and Jill Glasspool Malone?
Robert Malone's an MD.
What has he said about the maybe misuse of supplementary oxygen or ventilation or anything like that?
PCR testing, nothing.
What about, I don't know, anyone wanted to stop the murder, was effectively fooled into solving the mystery instead?
because a core group of people was put in place to enact it.
So who is that core group of people, right?
Who are they?
I can tell you that those people don't want to save America's grandchildren.
They are actors in the theater of transition to enslavement.
It's a transition period.
This is a period of three or four years where they have to convince young people that America's just screwed up.
It's just broken.
It's not a system worth saving.
This is not done.
These same meddlers that were involved in the show that was the pandemic are now going to transition into a new theater, whatever that is, that will include some of the biological aspects of the pandemic, but also expand and move forward as we transition to full enslavement.
And that will include the dissolution of America, whether that be the North American union or some other abomination.
They will convince our kids that America isn't worth saving.
They will convince Americans that America isn't worth saving because half of America isn't worth having.
They almost have us thinking that right now.
And so if you realize that there's no epidemiological evidence of spread and none of these people that are in front of us will say it, Bobby Kennedy won't say it even though it's definitely true.
And they won't tell you about this anticipated rise in expected deaths and how it might've been used to create the illusion of a pandemic.
You just need some sharp peaks here.
You just need some sharp peaks that you can show out of context on the PBS NewsHour and point to a model where if you take this slope right here, boy, oh boy, I can project billions dead.
And so make no mistake about it, I'm trying to be as distinct as possible, an anticipated rise in expected deaths was sculpted using murder and sophisticated lies to create the myth of an RNA pandemic.
I think that's what happened, I really do.
And I think that this list of means, the ways that they murdered people is not complete, but it is pretty close.
And it is certainly close enough so that there is no signal that cannot be explained by it.
And so the incompetence of doctors can no longer be dismissed.
The incompetence of nurses can no longer be dismissed.
And the role that these people in healthcare played
in terms of spreading the narratives that we're killing people and murdering people.
These people all need to be held to account.
And as long as we keep focused on the COVID shots and not talking about 2020, we will never hold these people to account.
There will be no justice for this murder.
And that was the whole mystery solving thing in the first place was running out the clock.
Look how far we are from the murder happening.
Look how obvious the murder is here.
where we lose control of pneumonia after a decade of having it under control.
We lost control of pneumonia for about two years and then we got back control again.
That's not explainable by any other means other than murder.
And yet all of these people are focused on solving the mystery of the novel virus.
And more importantly, have been focused on it for five years.
That's what this is, right?
That's what the whole Scooby-Doo mystery is.
We were tricked into solving their mystery.
And when we participated in this, it became very hard not to accept their monsters because that's part of the whole mystery solving exercise.
The clues are the PCR tests.
The clues were the argument over
overcycling, the clues were the fear and cleavage site and the HIV inserts, the clues were the denial of Tony Fauci despite the badgering of Rand Paul, the clues were the hidden database.
And we bid it hook, line, and sinker.
Because these people were put in place in order to make sure that that mystery-solving exercise was as real and as lively
and as a limited spectrum of debate as possible.
Solve their mystery and accept their monsters.
That's it.
I know it seems like I'm repeating myself, but ladies and gentlemen, this is the story we need to pass down to our children so that our children teach it to their children, and essentially, in a generation, these people will have no power over us.
It won't matter what stories they tell, but only if we are able to successfully pass this down to our children so that the grandchildren of Earth inherit the truth.
That's it.
That's why it's about all the marbles because there's only so long, a couple, three generations where there's gonna be roughly eight to 10 billion people on earth.
So there's only really one multi-generational window with which to invert what it is many generations thinking as sovereign individuals to invert that into some kind of weird ultra-communist
Sorry, you know socialist you owe everything to the state kind of thing and that includes all of your data from birth Until death because you know future generations need this Their God is AI AI is an illusion too because this whole thing is based on lies and
They've been telling these lies for a very long time.
Specializations should make you suspicious, because if it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on, then it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate.
And then one should be a little bit suspicious.
And that's sort of my starting bias.
Once again, anticipated rise and expected death sculpted using murder and sophisticated lies was used to create the myth of an RNA pandemic.
That's where we are.
That's where we are right now in 2025.
And nobody will talk about it.
In case you're not aware, GigaOM Biological is supported only by viewers like you.
If you have the means and you haven't yet and you would like to, please go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to support our family's work.
I'm going to open a Patreon account.
buy me coffee count and a couple other things because I know that there are people who have already given their credit card one time to those things and that might be easier.
If anyone else is being bombarded by Sendowl asking you for money, please get in contact with me and let me know because I've heard at least one story of that and I don't like that possibility that that
services starting to meddle with people.
Anyway, here we are.
Again, this is about the grandchildren of Earth.
It is 2025.
We are in February.
Let's go back in time.
amazing warrior and woman one of my big heroes I love her so we're here at Cal Jam and I wanted to I'm doing a quick interview with her right before we go to lunch there's a lot of people here at Cal Jam yep my first time at Cal Jam I have to say it is unreal here you guys have got to go to Cal Jam next year you will love it yes have you been before yes I was here last year it's amazing amazing amazing and Del's speaking later in the video
Just gonna pause it a second.
I opened up a CalJam playlist earlier today and I was actually really surprised.
There are a number of people in this CalJam list who
who are still in it today.
I won't be able to do that now.
I guess I thought I could quickly do that, but I don't think I can, so I'm just gonna continue here.
The VAX bus is here, so.
No, the VAX bus is not here.
Oh, shoot, sorry.
Sorry.
Mistake.
We had to.
Polly's here.
It's going to be Monday, so it's got a few problems, but it's gonna be okay.
All right, and so I just wanted to, I'm gonna ask Polly tough questions.
I warned her.
So Polly, is there anything, or is there,
What I think I see here is a real first, you know, weekend or first week of interaction with Polly after having met her during the production of the movie in England.
So they are not that well acquainted, but they are acquainted enough
to where they feel very comfortable with one another.
And I want to start the video again from the beginning and I want you to pay very close attention to the body language of Polly because I feel like there's something to see there.
Hi everyone, I'm here with Polly Tommy, producer of Vaxxed.
Amazing, amazing warrior and woman.
One of my big heroes.
I love her.
So, we're here at Cal Jam and I'm doing a quick interview with her right before we go to lunch.
There's a lot of people here at Cal Jam.
My first time at Cal Jam, I have to say, it is unreal here.
You guys have got to go to Cal Jam next year.
You will love it.
Have you been before?
Yes, I was here last year.
It's amazing.
It's amazing, amazing.
And Del's speaking later, and the VAX bus is here.
No, the VAX bus is not here.
Oh, shoot.
Sorry.
Mistake.
Polly's here.
It's going to be a men's day, so it's got a few problems, but it's going to be OK.
All right.
And so I just wanted to, I'm going to ask Polly tough questions.
I warned her.
So Polly, is there anything, or is there, whoa.
So she can't possibly imagine
that Andrew Wakefield, the amazing Polly Tommy, who they what they used to call her and still kind of do sometimes I find that interesting,
She can't possibly imagine that ICANN and Vaxxed and that whole story and Mary Holland are all being set up to stand in front of and overwhelm her.
And yet that what's to me in retrospect seems to have happened because she had her organization and then all these people
came out of the woodwork, you know, imagine you start an anti-vax organization feeling like you're alone in the desert.
And then suddenly a few moments later, somebody's on TV talking about the MMR vaccine and adjuvants.
And then someone else calls you and says, Hey, we're making a movie about the MMR vaccine in the UK.
You want to come and be in it?
and you would never, it would never occur to you that they wouldn't be doing, they're not doing, this is not, this is, wow, this is great.
And that's what you see here.
She still hasn't realized that this whole operation might be for her.
My, yeah, too much wine last night.
Anyway, is there such thing as a safe vaccine?
No, no, no such thing as a safe vaccine.
In fact, I was going as far to say, if you have had a vaccine that you are,
You are injured in some way or form.
You may not realize it, but you are a vaccine.
If you put a vaccine inside you, you will have an injury of some sort.
Now, what I find interesting about this is I don't know.
I'm not going to waste my time to figure it out because my gut feeling tells me that it's true.
That it's very rare, if ever, anyone from CHD actually says that anymore.
and certainly not in the last five years, that every vaccine, if you took a vaccine, you're injured.
That's a very, very, very, very, very bold statement that I don't think that Polly or Mary ever says anymore, which I find extraordinary.
Such thing as a safe vaccine.
I love it.
I love that you say that too, because that's, I think every shot, every vaccine does something.
I love that you say that too.
Remember, this isn't that dangerous because this is not in the movie Vaxxed.
This is on a platform presumably that only her viewers will see.
And so it's no different than if Jessica Rose goes on my stream and says that, yeah, RNA cannot pandemic.
Or if Sukrit Bhakti comes on Stephen Frost's stream and says, yeah, RNA cannot pandemic.
So why should we talk about it anymore?
It's no different than her saying that all vaccines are bad.
If you've had a vaccine, you're injured.
If she doesn't say that in Vaxxed,
If she hasn't said that for the last 10 years, every time she has a chance to be on camera, what are they really doing?
I'm sorry, but this is what I think.
Whether or not it's apparent right away, whether or not it takes months, weeks, years to manifest, there is some damage done.
And in fact, I was just speaking with a woman who did a Dr. Sears' selected and delayed schedule, and her son had a reaction just with one vaccine, first vaccine.
DTAP and she's like I you know not even one is Is worth it and you never know what's gonna happen really bad as well people I know it's not a vaccination, but I tell you this it is a wicked stuff Do not put that in your newborn baby.
Do not do it
There are some of the same ingredients that are harmful in vaccines in vitamin K. It is not just a vitamin and saline.
Don't believe it.
And Europe doesn't do vitamin K. And we're, you know, we're not seeing bleed outs and all of that stuff.
Europe doesn't do vitamin K and we're not seeing.
She's speaking like she's living in Europe.
Do you hear it?
That's very important to hear that because we're not seeing.
Sounds like she's lived in Europe long enough to call that we.
All right, so next tough question, well this one's not tough.
Don't make it scientific, I'm not a scientist.
So I just wanted to give, for those who don't know your story, how you got involved.
It's a tough question because it's a tough story and I went and visited Polly and Jonathan and family on the ranch in Austin.
my son was there and it was it was amazing like seeing seeing your family and the passion and your son and and seeing it firsthand because I'm not gonna lie I haven't seen autism firsthand like that very often before
And it was raw, and I just have so much immense respect for what you guys go through.
So, how did you really start?
How did your story start?
So if you watch Vaxx, you'll see my stories in there.
But basically, in a nutshell, I was extremely pro-vaccine, to the point where if this had not happened to my family, I think I would be working for Merck as a troll.
And I'd be a really good one.
That's how pro-vaccine I was.
I was told on the day I took my boy, who's my second child, so I'd already vaccinated my daughter Bella, that there was a problem with the MMR.
And that was the only vaccination he was having that morning.
And I just thought that, well, she was one of my best friends.
In fact, we've never really spoken again since, which is really sad.
Must put that right one day.
And Billy had the MMR in the morning.
By that evening, huge seizure, rushed him into hospital, really frightening.
Understand that I'm not saying in this video that Polly's necessarily bad but She could have been recruited to play this role Of all the moms, you know and of all the people they chose they chose wisely I'm I'm erring on the side of no one is in this narrative by chance and
I'm not saying that she didn't suffer, that her son wasn't injured, that the MMR story is not true.
I'm not saying any of that.
What I'm saying is, is that in order for this to occur, this multi-generational exercise theater would have recruited exactly Polly Tommy.
Because there are more than one of her.
And there are a lot of her in America too.
who because of the nature of their family is existence, they're between a rock and a hard place.
And so, you know, that position can be made significantly less painful by simply sticking to a limited spectrum of debate that from your perspective is still pretty good or still okay.
They'll do it.
The more severe their kids are damaged, the more likely they'll do it.
That's why I think people like Brandy and myself are especially dangerous, because we don't have the kid.
So we don't have this extra burden, we don't have this extra time sink, money sink, and we don't have this extra pain in the background that can be used in nefarious ways.
We have different vulnerabilities, of course, which we've seen with Brandy.
But I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, something stinks of high heaven here.
Falling back, really, really, really, really sick little boy.
And once they heard that he's had the MMR, they said that, look, you know what, this is normal.
This is very normal, don't worry.
He'll take a load more antibiotics and off you go.
Now, Billy never woke up.
We've only ever had 13 months of how Billy should be.
And now he, I have to tell you,
he's 20 years old, he has huge meltdowns that we can barely cope with and that's something that no one talks about.
They don't talk about the aggressiveness of vaccine injury when they've become adults.
They're much bigger than our six foot four and we've got a lot of this out in this world right now.
I don't know how, we've got to really really be positive and work out how we're going to look after these adults because it's
Think, people, think.
Don't do what I did.
Think.
Do what Brandy did and do your research before you have children.
And I cannot tell you how the unvaccinated children are so healthy.
They're so healthy.
It makes me weep inside that I gave any of my children a vaccine.
And then I met Andy, and Andy and I worked together on an autism media channel, desperately trying to expose living with autism.
I mean, if you hear her here, it's hard to imagine.
You know, it's really hard to imagine.
Again, it's a limited spectrum of debate and not everybody has much of a choice.
I don't know what to say.
The MMR announced, since being on the RV, traveling around, I have had more education in the last nine months than I have in a whole 19 years of doing this.
From you, the parents, the parents are going to win this.
The parents are the ones, they know what happened to their child.
They will not be bullied anymore.
They're speaking out and we are winning.
We're winning, Brandi.
Yes, I agree.
I agree.
And it is the parents that are going to
win this and we need to be stronger stronger in numbers and we need to speak the full truth like i started with that that question you know there's no such thing as a safe vaccine and there never will be and i love we need to speak the full truth there is no safe vaccine and there never will be we need to speak the full truth now here's brandy saying something that i think
Quite frankly, I said in a Zoom meeting in front of the whole CHD staff more than once, we have to say the whole truth.
We have to say it now while everybody's listening to us.
Why aren't we saying the whole truth?
Why are we establishing a big top tent of health, freedom and selling brats inside?
And that's it.
What's going on?
Oh, sorry, books.
I like bratwurst.
I guess I'm hungry.
I watched Suzanne Humphries speak earlier and she said it.
verbatim.
Susan Humphreys, another person that I've said repeatedly, is a hero and in fact this guy, Roman Bozanski, I wonder sometimes about this fella because he was circulating the alternative podcast scene a year and a half ago, including Doc Malek trying to get me to interview this guy.
I think I've seen several times where CHD has had Susan Humphreys on stage but I have her on stage with like James Lyons Weiner and Sabine Hazan and a couple other people so that she never gets to really say exactly how alone she was for how long she was alone about the things that she was alone about with regard to speaking out.
So it's cool that she's mentioning her here again.
And it was amazing because we need the full truth.
We don't have time for watered down messages.
We don't have time for all of the, you know, all of that.
We don't have time for the watered down messages.
Do you hear this?
Wow.
It's awesome.
That, I think, is the half-slogan of at least one, if not two, pediatric
pediatric doctor's offices in the Chicagoland area.
Born fearfully, born fearful, perfect and fear, sorry, perfect, fearfully perfect.
I don't remember exactly how it goes, but we are born perfect, perfectly made, yes.
perfectly made.
And I think his last name was Meyer.
He was a doctor and he taught a couple other people.
There was a doctor in Chicago for a long time, a very famous Jewish doctor who was not giving anybody vaccines in Chicago.
And I think his last name was Meyer about
Wonderfully made, yeah, yeah, sorry, anyway.
Fearfully and wonderfully made, is that what it was?
Something like that.
Problem we've got in this world, food is disgusting.
It's killing people.
Yeah, and I see it with my vaccine-free son.
He is so healthy, and every single friend of mine that had children around the same time, they vaccinated, and every single child out of eight has an issue, and some have major issues.
One is seeing a nephrologist for kidney stones at four years of age.
One is seeing a neurologist for tics and has massive allergies.
And in fact, I have one.
Tics, that's funny.
I think Kevin McCarron used to work on tics and Tourette's.
Friend who had two boys and her first boy, asthma, you know, ear infections, antibiotics all the time, allergic to gluten, soy, dairy.
So with the second boy, she thought maybe genetics, right?
The doctor said it was genetics.
No, it's not genetics.
Genes do not trigger by themselves.
There has to be a toxic trigger.
And so the second son, she didn't feed him soy, dairy, gluten.
So guess what he became allergic to?
Fruit.
Fruit and nightshades and seafood.
Because whatever you introduce into the body after you have that toxic trigger, you're going to develop a reaction to, right?
And so it's clear, it's clear as day that these allergies
Why are we not saying this out loud?
It's remarkable that after 10 years they still can't say it out loud.
The food allergies, asthma, the autoimmune issues, autism, neurological damages.
I mean, we have to say no to all of them because our body is healthy.
We need to start honouring it and really embracing that.
And don't be bullied, people.
This is all I'm hearing.
I'm travelling around listening to these stories.
All I'm hearing is the level of bullying that's going on from paediatricians or just when you've just given birth.
If you're about to have a baby, please take in a big army of people with you because you're going to need them.
If you're not feeling very good after you've had your baby,
I'm hearing that the doctors just whip them away, give them a couple of vaccines.
You need a guard around there of vax angels.
Yep.
I just made that up.
Don't ever, I love that, don't ever leave your kids alone.
I keep hearing more and more and more and more stories and it's heartbreaking.
What a crazy message this is, right?
I mean, can you imagine if CHD would have done just one video like this during the pandemic?
Nevermind a weekly video or something, or if Polly, every time she opened up with CHD this morning with the chicken sound that she said this, don't forget, there is no such thing as a good vaccine.
If you've had a vaccine, you're probably injured.
This is CHD TV and welcome to the show.
vaxed logo on the jacket because they spared no expense, of course.
You know, the parents say, oh, but it was in my birth plan.
It was on the files.
I told the doctors, the nurses, oh, well, nurse changes shifts.
Oops, didn't read your birth plan.
Sorry.
I saw there was no hep B. Gave it to him while I was weighing him.
You know, if this is happening, it's real.
We're being bullied.
We're not being told the truth.
And we need to start, we really need to stand up for our children and share this information with everybody.
We need an army getting this out there.
Okay, sorry, I didn't mean to do that.
No worries.
Guys, this is going to happen.
If you've got a teenage daughter and you're thinking about giving your daughter the HPV vaccine, you will go into the paediatrician and even if you question it, they will say to you, do you want your child, your daughter or your son to have cancer?
Do you want them to have cancer?
Because that is what you're going to do if you don't have this vaccine.
Huge lie, people.
Get out of there as fast as you can.
HPV vaccine is one of the worst, most evil things on this planet.
Stay away from it, and stay away from pediatricians, stay away from psychiatrists, and just go and get yourself a chiropractor.
And I'll be that.
Yes, and good food, organics, all of that.
HPV is terrible.
In fact, I just met at this conference upstairs, there's a vendor,
And her 13-year-old daughter was given the HPV against her consent because the doctor said, I need to talk to her privately.
The mother trusted the doctor.
She had already told the doctor, no vaccines, no HPV.
And the doctor gave it to the daughter while, in the five minutes that the mother wasn't there.
And her daughter has not had a period since.
And that was five months ago.
The police should be called on.
You should call the police on people who do that to you.
And she was crying yesterday because I was telling her about the premature ovarian failure that's happening.
It's almost, you could almost say it's common side effect.
And it's devastating our girls for nothing.
Stay away from HPV, Gardasil, stay away from DTAP, stay away from all vaccines.
There is no such thing as a safe and effective vaccine.
Vaccines do not belong in your body at all, period.
All right, so we're gonna hit lunch and thank you so much.
Yeah, thanks for joining us.
Oh, and go to learntherisk.org and print flyers and get the information out there.
We need an army to take this on.
Love you guys.
Love you, bye.
We need an army.
Print flyers.
No vaccines are good vaccines.
It's an interesting evolution of the message to go to rise and resist people over profits, truth over lies, courage over fear.
A big top tent of health freedom.
So let's move forward to 2018.
Hi, everyone.
So thanks for joining me live.
I'm going to wait until a few more of you jump on.
Sorry, I'm a few minutes late.
My technology never works perfectly, as we all know, the spotlight that I'm under.
But I had to move some things around, but I'm on now.
And I'm going to cover something tonight that I really didn't want to cover.
And it's something that has been going on for over a year and a half.
a little bit longer than that, probably, since the, let's see, the fall of 2016.
And I haven't said anything about it for many reasons that I'll go into, and I'm gonna try to make this as quick as possible.
But for those of you joining that are part of Alfie's Army and know me through that, this is not gonna be necessarily about that, and I'm sorry I haven't done an update video.
I will this week, but,
The fact that Alfie was buried without an autopsy, even through many, many, many hours and days of pleading with the family really kind of crushed me.
So I had to take a little bit of a break this weekend from that.
And this is not exactly the video I want to come back with, but I think that there's something that's been going on in the movements, and this is particularly US-based,
maybe it's global now, that needs to be exposed.
And, you know, I talk about a lot of things that I don't want to talk about and that I don't want happening.
And it's not because I want drama in my life and this video has nothing to do with drama.
It's just that I feel like there's so much truth that has to be exposed.
And sometimes it happens with different people
in the movement, right?
And we all know that in every movement, there are people that get into it for different reasons, right?
Some are motivated about the kids and have good intentions.
Some are motivated by ego.
Some are motivated by power.
Some are motivated by money.
And unfortunately, in our movement, we have a lot of everything.
And before I go into specifics,
I want to say that I did an interview with a woman who does a magazine called The Healist, and she interviews lightworkers.
And I had an interview with her about a year ago, and she's an amazing person.
And you can see the interview on our YouTube channel.
And she asked me if I had ever experienced a glass ceiling in the movement.
And it was so shocking to me, because I'd never really thought of it that way.
But even when I worked it,
an ad agency and a media planning agency and in the different companies that I worked in, even at Merck, I have to say, I never experienced any kind of glass ceiling for being a woman that I have in this movement.
And I think that I have been continually disappointed, particularly by the men,
in this movement, not everyone, but there are a lot of egos and a lot of power plays and a lot of sabotage of good people and a lot of people in it for the money.
So you will see that
I support, well, basically in this movement, I've been behind the scenes and I've heard so many different things and I've seen so many different things.
And I'm not going to go into hundreds of stories, but if I don't share certain people's posts, if I don't allow them in the group,
There's a reason, and I'm not going to go into everything tonight, that's for sure.
But I am going to go into discussions about one.
Thank you, Kristen.
I love you too.
About someone, because it's been about a year and a half that I've stayed silent, and I think that
We all know by now it's not my role to stay silent in this movement.
So I'm going to talk about it.
And the reason I'm talking about it tonight is because someone very near and dear to me that I visited just two weeks ago in Philadelphia was the latest person who was, let's say,
God, what's the right word?
Not shunned, but ignored or, you know, cast away by someone that says he has very good intentions in this fight.
And for over a year and a half, I've known that's not true.
So I think it's time to expose it.
And again, this isn't a video I like to make because of the drama and also because of the threats that he has threatened me with.
But I'm gonna talk about it.
So when I first got into this fight, Larry Cook contacted me and wanted to do videos of me.
And this was before I had learned the riffs, before I knew anything.
This was back in the early days.
Larry Cook is now, as far as I know, Larry Cook now is operating on Twitter, on X. I've seen a guy on our little movement that appears in my feed named Larry Cook, but I don't know if it's the same guy.
It's in the spring of 2016.
2015, my God, how time flies.
Oh, and basically Heather Toronto says who was pushed aside.
Oh, sorry.
I got a little distracted.
It's a little late here.
It was Michelle Carroll and Jayden.
And that hurts me personally because they are such amazing people and Jayden is such a hero in this fight to expose what vaccines are doing.
In the last couple weeks or in the last couple weeks Michelle had reached out to to Larry to just tag him in his videos and I'm sorry not videos in her post about the fundraising campaign that she's doing to help Jaden recover from
vaccine-induced epilepsy and severe seizure disorder.
So, someone says the truth will always come out.
You know, I didn't want to do this video because I was hoping that the truth would come out.
So I didn't have to do this video, but it's been over a year and a half.
And some people like Nicole, who just joined us, have figured this out.
And other people like Shauna Marie, who just did a video last week.
But not enough people.
Not enough people.
So he hurt...
he hurt someone close to me, Michelle, um, this week.
And so that's it.
You know, that's it.
Okay.
I know he's threatened me.
Um, and I didn't do this video, um, from, for reasons because I didn't want to start drama.
There's a lot of drama in the movement already, but he also told me, um, well, I'll go into the story.
I'm looking at my notes because it's been kind of long and drawn out that I want to make sure to cover everything.
Um,
but this was kind of the last straw this week.
And also three people in the last week, and I always think there are signs from the universe, and three people in the last week have mentioned that I'm working with him.
And one of them was on the new Philadelphia billboard.
She shared it and she said, look, Brandy Vaughn of Stop Mandatory Vaccinations did a new billboard.
Oh no, no, no, no, no, no.
Not associated to Stop Mandatory Vaccinations.
Stop mandatory vaccinations.
And she's going to be very clear here.
I don't want to stop mandatory vaccinations.
I don't work with them.
That's his website.
It's right there in the chat.
We are talking about people that are involved, that are still manipulating us today, that are all in on this.
I run learntherisk.org and I don't support Larry's efforts necessarily after what I found out about him in the last year and a half.
But why does she think that?
Why does she think that the billboards are him?
Well, this is where my first notion, because like everyone naive to the movement, oh my God, I was naive.
I've been in pharma and I was naive to all of the politics and BS that goes in this movement.
and the egos, and the money, and the power plays, and the sabotage.
Holy smokes, I'm not naive anymore.
And that's why you see me not working with very many people.
But I was naive.
And I thought, oh, this guy, he has experience with videos.
He wants to do these videos.
So I signed away all my rights to the video, right?
He made sure everybody did that when he videoed people.
And he raised tens of thousands of dollars to do commercials in LA.
and this was my first experience with him and um uh he
I'm not even gonna go into how unprofessional the videos and the commercial was and how little the commercial actually cost compared to the amount of money he raised.
But... Like, for example, how much money does CHD raise versus what do they spend it on and how do they spend it and what are their salaries that they're paying?
Because there are organizations that are supporting the parents of people that lost kids to the opioid pandemic and
and grandparents that have to take care of their grandkids because the parents of those kids are dead from the opioid pandemic.
There are organizations that support those families where everybody that works for the organization is a volunteer.
CHD paid me over $100,000 a year in salary to work for them.
It was an awesome job.
Because we had to be online like once or twice a week.
Ladies and gentlemen, something very nasty is happening, and we are uncovering it very, very rapidly.
The dam, I think, is breaking.
My first awakening, because he became friends with me.
And, you know, this has happened not just with him, but other people in the movement, where they become friends with me, and then they start to ask me questions, like, what are your ideas?
What are your plans, Brandy?
What are you going to do?
And then they all of a sudden do it right before me, right?
Or...
You know, someone in this movement told me, spent three hours mining me for information.
He put all these videos online and said, Brandy, I want to talk to you.
I want to interview you for a new project that I'm doing, but after I, I'm going to make the project.
So, you know, after I interview you, I won't release the interview for a couple months because I want to get a number of interviews in the bank before I do it.
I have this new editor and he costs a lot of money, so I'm not really sure.
I got to, I got to work this out yet.
I'll get it up in a couple of weeks.
I'm really good friends with Nick Hudson.
I'll put it up in a couple of weeks.
Oh, I would love to do a presentation for Panda.
And then they're gone.
Ladies and gentlemen, she's describing the 2018 version of what they've done to me and lots of other people on social media.
making them feel like they're being heard, and taking all their useful ideas and contorting them, distorting them, distilling them down to useless forms, and then distributing them, like stop mandatory vaccination.
And I take offense to that.
Oh, why can't I get in touch with Brandy?
Why doesn't Brandy call me?
I want to help learn the risk.
And then I have a three-hour conversation with him, tell him all my plans that I want to do.
And then he says, oh, yeah.
Don't you remember?
That's exactly what Sarah Westall is saying in the beginning of our thing.
Like, she's saying that I was ignoring her.
But the story is, she says she lost my phone number after the red pill.
So it's all the same scam, just now done on social media instead of with a VHS camcorder.
and much, much easier because of the phones that we have and the social media platforms that we are using.
I don't want to reinvent the wheel.
And then he goes and creates a website and materials and uses the same color scheme as me.
Maybe some of you know who I'm talking about.
And then he goes on to say he had to create that website because my materials were too expensive.
And then he charges the same amount for his expense or his materials anyway.
And then he goes behind the scenes and does private messages attacking me saying that I'm working for pharma Because I wouldn't let him work help learn the risk and the guy's kind of off the wall and not what I would consider professional So not someone I'm gonna work with but that's not even who we're talking about tonight But we're talking about Robin wants to know who that is does anyone else want to know who that is I'm trying to stick to one person tonight.
No, that one's not Larry Larry
we'll get to in a minute.
But the one who did that whole thing was Greg Wyatt.
Anyway, very disappointing.
And he still attacks me behind the scenes and I still get messages about why he hates me and why he's sending private messages about how I work for pharma and all this BS.
Because again, he wanted to help with Learn the Risk and I didn't find him professional enough and his ego got
hurt, right?
But now I'm going to talk about some greed.
And so I know I'm going a little bit all over the board.
Sorry, guys.
I wasn't expecting to do a video tonight, but I was inspired because Michelle was hurt, was the latest person hurt by Larry.
And so my first- No, she said Gary Wyatt or Greg Wyatt.
Um, and I thought I saw that in my chat earlier, but I don't, I don't remember what I saw in the chat.
Yeah.
She said Greg Wyatt.
Instinct that he was not, um, really all, you know, good intentioned was, um, when he started sharing some of my first learn the risk billboards.
And then I'm going to circle back.
This was why someone this week thought that the billboard, um, and the Philadelphia, the Philadelphia billboard was learned was, um, stop mandatory vaccination.
Um, so the, um, the, the reason she thought that was because when I did my first billboards in 2015, at the end of 2015,
in the beginning of 2016, Larry shared them.
And he just forgot to mention originally in his post that it was Learn the Risk.
So he branded- Forgot to mention.
You know how often people mention me without remembering to mention me?
How many times they say that it's Jonathan Cooley but can't provide a link to my website or never say GigaOM Biological.
How often did that happen with just Brett Weinstein alone?
Stop mandatory vaccination all over everything because the guy is just all about the money guys.
He has no kids He's never really been in it for the kids He is a really good Marketer and a very good business person and very good at He's charming in certain ways, right?
I'm sure he could sell snake oil if he wanted and pretty much
You know, but I was even charmed or fooled in the beginning thinking that he was a good guy.
And then he started sharing the learn the risk billboards and people started donating to stop mandatory vaccination because he was the way he was phrasing things implied that he was doing them.
And granted, this has been that was almost nine months after he'd done a commercial or maybe even a year.
And he hadn't done anything since.
But he continued to raise money.
He continued to sell advertising.
One of the funny things is with regard to
that CHD spelled her name wrong.
Kevin McCairn on his website, The Dojo, was always spelling my name wrong by spelling Jonathan with a J-O-H-N.
And I think the reason why he did that is because there is a John Cooey in Tennessee who killed some people, who I'm definitely not related to, but oddly has the same last name.
I don't know very many people with the last name Cooey.
And so just the same kind of trick gets played, right?
You're changing the search terms without people knowing.
And so it looks like he's promoting me, but he would never correct the spelling.
It's so sad how pathetic these people are.
As soon as I saw that he didn't know how to spell my name, I knew that he was a meddler.
It's one of the things that gave him away from the very beginning.
And I just had to keep doubting myself
for years because everybody else made me doubt.
But I mean, he's been giving himself away for five years now.
And so Brandy's describing the same kind of phenomenon with the people that she's been encountering since she was involved in the movie Vax, which is really remarkable.
On his website, do affiliate stuff, like making a lot of money, right?
So he was, he was sharing these things and you know, there were,
He he kind of we were friends right a little bit or I thought he was right and he would always ask me about things And then there were a lot of different things that went on it was over a few month period But he was always mining me for information, and then he was telling me things like Like I should never call out anyone who's not in it for the real reasons for in this movement because Then people would attack me
Oh, that sounds like a very similar message that countless people in this movement have given me since I started.
Including the soon-to-be NIH director who's told me several times the last time I saw him in person not to talk about Robert Malone anymore.
Remarkable times, ladies and gentlemen.
Right, so as he's mining me for information, and this will come back, right?
He's telling me these things, Brandi, you can never call people out because then people won't donate to you either.
You know, you need to be very careful and all of these things, right?
Now I look back.
You're shooting yourself in the foot if you keep calling these people out.
Nobody wants to listen to this.
Nobody wants to hear that people are bad guys.
That's the reason why you don't get any followers and nobody follows your account, Jay.
on it and realize what he was doing.
He was manipulating me so that I would never call him out for the things he was doing.
So he's sharing my billboards.
People were donating to stop mandatory vaccination to fund these billboards, right?
Like thousands and thousands of dollars.
And people started alerting me.
And I said, so I called him and he's like, well, I don't agree.
I don't think people are donating towards the billboards.
And I'm like, but I have screenshots.
These people are donating.
Oh, I just donated Larry for your billboards, right?
Don't forget that all of these people are raising money.
You have to subscribe to all these substacks.
You have to support all of these non-profits like Door to Freedom, or the Hope Accord, or the Brownstone Institute, or the World Health Council.
CHD needs your money.
Are you kidding me?
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
still up until very recently was raising money to pay for his expenditures during his campaign that included security that I guess the Secret Service of the United States should have but did not provide.
And so it's not for nothing that nobody has any money to give to anybody who's real because there's like 4,000 false places to dump your money.
where money is laundered, but also where real people's money is wasted.
Screenshots, right?
And he's like, Brandy, you don't need to send them to me because I'm not gonna redirect the money to you.
So I was asking him to redirect the money from Stop Mandatory Vaccination to Learn the Risk because people are donating to him and he's not doing the billboards, right?
So he refused.
And I said,
Um, you know, I said, well, like, I couldn't believe it.
I was shocked.
Right.
Because I, when I stepped into this movement, I mean, yes, I worked in pharma, but I still kind of believe in the good in people.
And I had no idea that people would get involved in a movement like this for money or for ego or for power.
Right.
But what if you had a devastating thing happen to your family that was ruining everything, ruining your marriage,
ruining your ability to interact with your healthy kids, ruining your ability to live as an adult like you used to, where you could look in the mirror and be proud of yourself or happy with yourself.
And then somebody offered you a way out.
Brandy doesn't understand it because she doesn't have an injured kid.
And I'm not saying she's bad.
I'm just trying to explain what you're hearing here.
I mean, I wasn't, man, who would step into this movement?
I mean, you get attacked.
Why would someone do that for those reasons?
I thought, right?
Because I'm in it for my son.
My son's vaccine free.
He's targeted.
He was in the first kindergarten class that couldn't go to school under SB277.
And I saw, I knew that what pharma was doing because I was in the movement.
So I had no idea that people would actually be in this movement for ulterior reasons, right?
Like I still believed in the good in people.
All right, so I was a little naive.
So he told me, no, this was again, probably the beginning of 2016, almost two years then, like, no, sorry, mid 16, mid 2016.
So you're almost two years.
And so he said, no, he wasn't gonna redirect any more, any of the donations.
And I'm like, but we even have, you can even track the name of the person and you know how much they donated and send it to me.
no i'm not gonna do it and i was like oh my god like holy smokes like this guy is in it for the money and that was my first reason but i still thought we were friends like i still thought you know
I don't know, it was really important for me to have another friend in the movement at that time because there are so many attacks and there's so much pressure, right?
And I thought it was supportive in some reason.
Now I look back and I realize he was mining me for information and manipulating me to not turn against him.
And that's how it feels.
You need to have the time to look back and reflect and to see how the pattern of behavior actually lines up in a malevolent way.
When you're here in the middle of the timeline, you can't really see how bad these people are.
But once you've had like five years experience with them, where you keep believing that most people are good and you keep being let down, you start to get an idea of what's going on.
And that's why I feel like my message is so important because I'm one of the few people who's had the mental illness to stay focused on this for that long.
the wherewithal to stay focused on this for that long, the belief in my own integrity to stay focused on this for this long, that despite all the discouragement and all the, you should move on.
We're really in big trouble, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm gonna cut this stream short for now because it's already two hours.
We have 81 people watching on Twitch.
I thank you very much for joining me.
I will also have another other, I might watch the rest of this in a subsequent study hall.
I also have a Glenn Beck video of about 13 minutes queued up, which I think is important for you to hear and see how,
spectacular.
The Scooby-Doo mystery-solving exercise is still ongoing.
It's still happening.
And I also have this video from Erica Ullman-Sapphire from 2020 that I really want you to see because it's very insightful in terms of how people are talking and speaking about the pandemic.
relative to how we think about it now.
It's a really interesting sort of snapshot into what's going on again on the opposite side of the spectrum, whereas we were on the lab leak and all that other stuff.
These people are on this is just natural and this is the way it was and we were ready for this with broad spectrum antibodies.
It's going to be a really good couple of days, couple of weeks now here as this flood of new information comes out as we start to explore people like Tony Bark.
and others that were involved in this, you know, we don't have time for watered down messages.
We don't have time to cut corners here.
And yet we've been cutting corners for a decade now.
And for the last five years, I think that we have been slowly titrating ourselves to a falsehood, a mythology about a mystery virus and about transfections.
because of these people, these organizations, these sabotaged organizations that I think if Brandy was alive, if Tony Bark was alive, they would also say that these are all sabotaged organizations.
because they all participated in the mystery of the Wuhan cover-up.
And forcing us to participate in the mystery-solving exercise made the vast majority of us accept and teach our kids about a novel virus.
And there's lots of reasons why these people went along with it, but it doesn't change the fact that they are all traitors to our grandchildren for making us solve this mystery.
Please, ladies and gentlemen, see that the illusion of consensus is there.
I don't know why those are repeating.
I apologize.
Injection versus injection.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Ladies and gentlemen, PCR as a diagnostic is a fraud.
The only thing that they have is synthetic recombinant genetics, which means if they wanted to find a sequence, they could make it, and they could put it somewhere, and they could have their agent in Wuhan find it, and that would allow them a perfect excuse to transfect people to it.
under the pretense of a investigational vaccine.
And of course, to get away with that, they would just need to use placebo, because then they could make any manufacturing quota they needed to, and the vast majority of the safety signal would be invisible.
The way they do this, this rule by mythology, is by instituting and teaching in our universities, on 60 Minutes, ideas like endemicity, and then have people like Peter Daszak, you know, the first author of Andrew Wakefield's paper,
Peter Daszak run a USAID funded mythology show about viruses going endemic.
You know, 1.7 million viruses waiting to go endemic instead of telling us about an infinite background that he's lying about.
Instead of us telling us about the fundamental biology that really edifies the idea that RNA cannot pandemic.
Talking about how non-specific PCR tests could be used against us.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection is dumb
and Brandy Vaughn knew that and actually I think before Polly fully just sold out she also knew that because in that video
She is saying that there are no good vaccines and if you've taken one, you are injured.
Which of course is something that none of these people on Team Worst Case Scenario would ever dare say in 2025, despite Polly and Brandy Vaughn being willing to say it in 2016 while the Bax movie was opening.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we forget the past, it will be erased.
And then the eraser will be forgotten by our grandchildren and that lie will become the truth.
That's the dangerous situation we are in right now.
That's why I keep saying it's for all the marbles.
And why I keep saying I'm gonna be here as often as I possibly can.
I gotta go to the gym, ladies and gentlemen.
There's basketballs that need shooting.
If you wanna follow me, you can follow me at gigombiological.com.
You can get a notification from Twitch.
You can get a notification from...
You can get a notification from YouTube now, although I didn't go on YouTube today, I will go on every other day.
And you can also send an email to gigaohm...
hq at proton let me just do the other slide i didn't replace the end slide with the beginning slide that i created in order to do this i'll just scroll back up here and start with this one instead um you can send a email to gigaohm at proton dot me gigaohm hq and if you put notify me in the subject um my wife will assemble a list of people that i will email as often as i possibly can when i know i'm gonna stream and so maybe we can get more and more people live
and you can have an effective way of sharing the work as well.
I can't thank everybody enough for taking the risk to support my stream and to support my work and I hope I'm not disappointing anybody as I continue to hammer on the same stones.
I love you all very much and I will see you again tomorrow.
Wow, why didn't I see that?
I should be exiting with the Pontiac.
Oh my gosh, what an idiot I am.
Thank you for the feedback there, Troy Tree.
Sometimes, you know, the obvious escapes you.
I apologize for that.